he's making such a fuss he's of meds oh
they're not like you or me ah apart from
you jock who would you go and get him
one whose favorite pizzas no well then I
don't know what to do with him he hasn't
eaten for a few days you've kidnapped a
major movie star okay now you can either
leave him somewhere and hope he's been
sufficiently scared shitless to stay
quiet or you can send him on the kind of
trip he won't come back from Oh a trip
such fun oh dear oh dear what a palava
this is decisions decisions if you could
just handle this jock
al is in the boot of the car you'd be
doing as such a favor I'm really not one
for goodbyes
you
what's happening I'm the man getting you
from A to B a being the trunk of this
car and be being a horrific scenario of
my choosing oh god I have money on a
flat for money good to know well good to
know i'll be sure to grand weary i could
give you ten thousand dollars right now
well here we are l curtains up it's time
for your final scene
ah
jock whipping worried sick I regret to
report the sad passing of mr. Elden
opoly train accident very sudden I loved
that man we will remember him always the
way he was on TV before we met him not
that any of us met him of course you to
enjoy the rest of your vacation